Mr. Zheng told me before
Said his wife was from Jiangbei
And just like me, he is also called Siqing
How could I think of him?
He's my husband.
Qingqing, your husband is here.
I went to buy seasonings that day
He came over with a bunch of flowers
I thought he was a pervert.
As soon as you see Ziyin, you will lose your face
It turns out that Zi Yin is you
Hey, hey.
No, I
I still can't accept Zhan
The fact that Meiting is Hangjiang
Sugar Treasure, tell the battle I'm not at home
Oh, Qingqing said he wasn't at home
It seems that he finally knows our relationship
I am here this time
I want to ask a private message
What's the problem?
You said my wife
He is a good girl.
I misunderstood him before
Cause between the two of us
Created some estrangement